We value your user privacy. We may collect and use your information when you use our services. We hope that through this Privacy Policy we will explain how we collect, use, store and share this information and how we access, update, control and protect it when we use our services. This Privacy Policy is closely related to the services you use. I hope that you read them carefully and, if necessary, make the choices you deem appropriate in accordance with the guidelines of this Privacy Policy. The relevant technical terms involved in this Privacy Policy are as concise as possible and provide links to further explanations for your understanding.

By using or continuing to use our services, you consent to the collection, use, storage and sharing of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

This Privacy Policy will help you understand the following:

Chapter 1 Your information we may collect

Chapter 2 How we might use the information we collect

Chapter 3 Your information we may share

Chapter 4 Information You May Share

Chapter 5 How we will protect your information

Chapter VI Protection of Minor Information

Chapter VII Application of this Privacy Policy

Chapter VIII Changes to this Privacy Policy

Chapter IX Complaints and Suggestions

Chapter 1 Your information we may collect

1. What information we may have obtained

1.1 Log information refers to the technical information that the system may automatically collect through cookies or other means when you use our services, including:

1.1.1 device or software information, such as configuration information provided by your mobile device or other programs used to access our services, your IP address and the version and device identifier used by the mobile device;

1.1.2 Information that is searched or viewed while using our services, such as other information and content details that you browse or request when using our services;

1.1.3 The information (metadata) contained in the content you share through our services, such as the date, time or location of the shared photo or video taken or uploaded.

1.1.4 In order to increase the game experience and the player's participation in the game, we collect and share the game player's combat information, level information, equipment information, pet information, mount information and so on. And show it in the game in the form of a leaderboard. When some of the above information is not enough for the player to show up, we will not collect and share the above information of this part of the player.

1.2 Location information is information about your location that you collect when you turn on device location and use our location-based services, including:

1.2.1 Your geographic location information collected by GPS or WiFi when you use our services with mobile devices with location capabilities;

1.2.2 Real-time information provided by you or other users that includes your location, such as the information about your area contained in the account information you provided, and the sharing of your current or previous location uploaded by you or others Information, geo-tagging information contained in photos shared by you or others;

1.2.3 You can stop collecting your location information by turning off location.

2. Information you provide

2.1 The shared information that you provide to other parties through our services, and the information that you store when you use our services;

2.2 Your information shared by other parties;

2.3 Information about your sharing provided by other parties when using our services.

Chapter 2 How we might use the information we collect

1. We may use the information collected during the process of providing services to you for the following purposes:

1.1 provide services to you;

1.2 Used for authentication, customer service, security, fraud monitoring, archiving and backup purposes when we provide services, 1.3 to ensure the security of the products and services we provide to you;

1.4 Help us design new services and improve our existing services;

1.5 Let us know more about how you access and use our services to respond specifically to your personalized needs, such as language settings, location settings, personalized help services and instructions, or to you and other users Other aspects of the response;

1.6 provides you with ads that are more relevant to you in place of popular ads;

1.7 Evaluate and improve the effectiveness of advertising and other promotional and promotional activities in our services;

1.8 software certification or management software upgrade;

1.9 Lets you participate in surveys about our products and services.

1.10 In order to give you a better experience, improve our services or other uses that you agree to, we may collect information or personalize information collected through a certain service, subject to relevant laws and regulations. Ways to use for our other services. For example, information collected when you use one of our services may be used in another service to provide you with specific content or to show you information that is not generally pushed by you. If we provide the option in the relevant service, you can also authorize us to use the information provided and stored by the service for our other services.

Chapter 3 Your information we may share

1. Except as follows, we and our affiliates will not share your personal information without your consent:

1.1 We and our affiliates may share your personal information with our affiliates and partners (they may not be located in your jurisdiction) for the following purposes:

1.1.1 to provide you with our services;

1.1.2 achieve the purpose described in the section "How we may use the information collected";

1.1.3 fulfill our obligations in this Privacy Policy and exercise our rights;

1.1.4 Understand, maintain and improve our services.

2. If we or our affiliates share your personal information, we will endeavor to ensure that your personal information is used in accordance with this Privacy Policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures that we require to comply with.

3. We or our affiliates may also retain, store or disclose your personal information for the following needs:

3.1 Information that must be retained due to some local laws and regulations;

3.2 Information that must be retained or disclosed in compliance with a court order or other legal process;

3.3 Information that must be retained or disclosed in compliance with the requirements of relevant government agencies;

3.4 Uses that are reasonably necessary to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to safeguard the public interest, or to protect the personal and property safety or legal rights of our customers, us or our group companies, other users or employees.

Chapter 4 Information You May Share

1. You can share information by using our services

1.1 Our many services allow you to share your relevant information not only with your own social network, but also with all users who use the service, for example, information you upload or post in our services (including your publicity) Personal information, the list you have created, your response to information uploaded or posted by others, and location data and log information related to that information. Other users who use our services may also share information about you (including location data and log information). In particular, our social media services are designed to let you share information with users around the world, so you can share information in real time and widely. As long as you do not delete the shared information, the information will remain in the public domain.

1.2 Please carefully consider the content of information uploaded, published and exchanged through our services. In some cases, you can control the range of users who have access to your shared information through the privacy settings of some of our services. If you are required to remove your information from our services, please do so in the manner provided by these special terms of service.

2. Sensitive personal information you share

2.1 Certain personal information may be considered sensitive personal information, such as your race, religion, personal health and medical information, due to its particularity. Sensitive personal information is more strictly protected than other personal information.

2.2 Please note that the content and information that you provide, upload or post when using our services (such as information about your social activities) may reveal your sensitive personal information. You need to carefully consider whether to disclose sensitive personal information when using our services.

2.3 You agree to process your sensitive personal information for the purposes and manner set forth in this Privacy Policy.

Chapter 5 How we will protect your information

1. We will do everything possible to take appropriate technical means to ensure that you have access to, update and correct your registration information or other personal information provided in connection with our use of our services. When accessing, updating, correcting, and deleting the above information, we may ask you to authenticate to protect your account.

2. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to prevent loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure. For example, in some services, we will use encryption technology (such as SSL) to protect the personal information you provide. However, please understand that due to technical limitations and various malicious means, in the Internet industry, even if you do everything you can to strengthen security measures, you can't always guarantee 100% security. You need to understand that the systems and communication networks that you use to access our services may be problematic due to factors beyond our control.

3. We retain your personal information only for the period necessary for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy and for the timeframe required by laws and regulations.

Chapter VI Protection of Minor Information

1. We attach great importance to the protection of information about minors. If you are a minor under the age of 18, your guardian will need to read this Privacy Policy carefully and agree or authorize your consent to use our products and/or services in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you are a minor under the age of 14, your guardian will need to read this Privacy Policy carefully and expressly agree to your use of our products and/or services in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

2. If you/your guardian disagrees with any of the Privacy Policy, you should stop using our products and/or services immediately.

Chapter VII Application of this Privacy Policy

1. Except for certain services, all of our services are subject to this Privacy Policy. These specific services will apply to specific privacy policies. For specific privacy policies for certain services, we will more specifically describe how we use your information in those services. The privacy policy for this particular service forms part of this Privacy Policy. If there is any inconsistency between the privacy policy of the specific service and this Privacy Policy, the privacy policy for that particular service applies.

2. Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to the following situations:

Information collected by other companies or agencies that conduct advertising services in our services.

Chapter VIII Changes to this Privacy Policy

1. If the following changes occur to our products and/or services, we may revise this Privacy Policy accordingly:

1.1 Changes in the business functions of our products and/or services, resulting in changes in the purpose, type, and usage of personal information;

1.2 Significant changes in your rights to participate in the processing of personal information and how it is exercised;

1.3 The contact details and complaint channels of the department responsible for handling your personal information security have changed;

1.4 Other changes that may affect the security of the user's personal information or affect the user's privacy rights.

2. We will send you an email or otherwise notify you by making a prominent notice on the homepage before the amendment takes effect. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your express consent. If these amendments result in a substantial reduction in your rights under this Privacy Policy and your continued use of our Services, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.

3. Unless otherwise stated, the revised Privacy Policy will take effect from the date of publication.

Chapter IX Complaints and Suggestions

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or related matters, or have any suggestions for our services, please contact us directly.
